Template: greylistd/restartexim
Type: boolean
Default: true
_Description: Restart Exim after adding it to the greylist group?
 You are using Exim 4 as your Mail Transport Agent (MTA).  Great!
 .
 The "Debian-exim" user will be added to the "greylist" group, so that the
 Exim daemon process can talk to greylistd.  However, for this change to
 take effect, the process must also be restarted.

Template: greylistd/autoconfig_notdone_exim4
Type: note
_Description: Exim 4 needs additional configuration
 For greylisting to become effective, your Mail Transport Agent (MTA) needs
 to talk to greylistd while receiving incoming mail; and depending on the
 response, issue a temporary rejection (451 SMTP code) to the remote host.
 .
 Since you are using Exim 4 as your MTA, a script is available for you to
 perform this task.  At a root prompt, type:
  # greylistd-setup-exim4 add
 If you overwrite your Exim configuration files in the future (for
 instance, when upgrading Exim), you may need to re-run this command.
 .
 Later, before you uninstall "greylistd", you want to run:
  # greylistd-setup-exim4 remove
 .
 For more options and help on usage, run the command without any arguments,
 or see the "greylistd-setup-exim4(8)" manual page.  One suggested option
 for the "add" command is "-netmask=24".
 .
 The reason this operation is not performed automatically is that Exim's
 configuration files are tagged as "conffiles", so per Debian Policy they
 are completely under your control.  Only you can change them.
 .
 If you prefer to configure Exim 4 for greylistd by hand, please see
 /usr/share/doc/greylistd/README.Debian.

Template: greylistd/autoconfig_notdone
Type: note
_Description: Your MTA needs additional configuration
 For greylisting to become effective, two things must happen:
  - Your Mail Transport Agent (MTA) needs to talk to greylistd while
    receiving incoming mail, and depending on the response, issue a
    temporary rejection (451 SMTP response) to the remote host.
  - The account under which your MTA runs needs to be added to the
    "greylist" group.  After this, your MTA needs to be restarted.
 .
 Unfortunately, this package supports only Debian's default Exim 4
 configuration.  Since you seem to be using a different MTA, have a look at
 the greylistd(8) manual page for some information on communicating with
 greylistd.
 .
 There may also be other greylisting solutions available that suit your MTA
 better; see the "Links" section at:
    http://projects.puremagic.com/greylisting/
